i was so much more motivated when i was
on testosterone
testosterone is like a freaking happy
drug at least it was for me
i don't know if it's a dopamine thing i
don't know scientifically what it is
but it's actually there and some
steroids will give it to you more than
others but my testosterone level was
increased from what i was taking
so now i had more of it wasn't
aggressive but it was a very
aware that's what i noticed by like the
second and third week
it's very aware of what's going on
around you things smell a little
different taste a little different
you hear something you're like you kind
of react a little bit quicker
i mean being on testosterone i was i had
i was so much more energetic
i was more motivated to do things um
i've been in testosterone for like four
days so that's exciting i started
saturday morning uh putting gel on in
the morning and
uh yeah i just wanted to share like a
little bit
about how things feel so
far um they feel good
i'm not really sure what it is but i do
know you are heightened
sense wise after about the third week
just for example when i worked at
walgreens
there was a couple of months especially
over
over the winter where i had exclusively
worked exclusively
worked night shifts i can't speak um
and so i would get to work at about
three o'clock in the afternoon
and then i would work until maybe about
11 p.m
at night and then i would go afterwards
straight to the gym
which was right next door to the
walgreens that i worked at and i would
work out for about two and a half three
hours so i'd get home at
anywhere between two o'clock or three
o'clock in the morning
and i just kind of did that repeatedly
and it was in the winter time where my
car broke down so after
you know i would walk to work or i'd jog
or whatever i was in the mood for um
and then out after work i go to the gym
and then i
jog all the way back home in the snow
things like that
that now that i've been off of
testosterone
i kind of recognized felt so much easier
for me
when i was on testosterone this is where
i usually or back then i would tend to
get the superman complex is what i call
it
superman complex is as you feel so
powerful that you're improving so much
you feel almost like
nothing in the world can stop you i've
been thinking about
changing hormones going on testosterone
for like two years a long time
and i finally started doing it it's
almost
seven years since i've had testosterone
in my body i feel
uh i just feel kind of like confident
and good about myself
like i feel kind of like cute and
attractive and stuff
so the mentality starts to change is it
a psychosis
no okay i didn't feel a psychosis did i
feel
heightened and aware more yes was i more
apt to
jump at a fight absolutely it's hard to
describe in words
i can't put it but there's a high there
man and it's a confidence it's a
it's a natural i'm i'm okay i got this
i i i don't know how to describe it it's
hard to put in words
you know how i spoke to people was
different when i was a guy too i mean
when i was talking to other guys you
know it's kind of just
you say what you mean and you mean what
you say but you know speaking
with other women is very very very
different
um but there's a certain confidence
that i had when i was on testosterone
that has kind of
dimmed down a little bit if you're you
know a go-getter you're going to be that
much
more of a go-getter and then it can take
people who are dead so to speak
socially speaking who have very little
testosterone and it can resurrect them
from the dead so to speak
and bring them into a level of life
where it can be a miracle drug bro
but when you don't need it like i did
not need it
these are the harms these are the
effects i got what's called gynecomastia
bro
you'll see you can't see here but my
nipples have a tissue
that develop behind them because my
estrogen levels
went way too high this is a side effect
this is known side effect
the only way to fix it is surgery at
this point it's too far gone i've had it
for about seven years now
and pretty much i have what are called
boos
it's not that i'm not confident now it's
just that there's just a little bit of a
different
level i'm feeling much more hopeful
about i guess
some of my life and and what the next
phases will be
um perhaps some renewed energy
enthusiasm i took a variety of different
types
i started with what's called
testosterone and anthony when i did
injectables
so before i did injectables i was doing
over-the-counter meds
that were supposedly legal and then nine
months later the fda took them off the
market because kids who were 16 in high
school taking it
were going bald and they were having
like
serious issues because of this stuff
being real
i mean it was real stuff and they were
taking it playing football
so i was taking testosterone and anthony
tried another cycle when i was doing
tests and then i was taking dball
dianabol which is an oral form but yeah
it's just things like that where i'll be
just around or i'll be thinking oh i
need to do something i need to make a
video
i need to go to the store or maybe i
should start working out
and things that if i had decided to do
them
a year ago when i was on testosterone it
would have been done by the end of the
day
right um and this is probably just a
meat problem but i find myself so
freaking lazy now
um yeah trying to get myself to
to do things and also kind of just
kind of you just start to miss some of
the
effects of testosterone i was also
feeling like
a little quicker to anger a little bit
the last couple weeks i would look at
all the girls of course
naturally because my hormones are no
joke i think they're attractive they
think i'm attractive
in fact you're so full of yourself that
you don't need to hear them say they
think you're attractive because you know
you are
i mean bro it's ridiculous and you're
over here checking these girls out
and uh you're not just doing that
there's something else that
i guess you say isn't normal naturally
and here's where it gets crazy you're in
a combat zone
everywhere you are everything you do i'm
at this party
i'm looking around and i'm sizing up the
guys i'm looking at this kind of
one slap i wouldn't even have to punch
him
i could just slap him and he'd be
knocked out okay that guy right there
he might need an actual punch i am
shirtless at a house party
holding this girl in my arms looking at
her friends
we just went from the bathroom in the
bedroom
doing all sorts of stuff and uh
these guys start fighting on the floor i
jump in the middle of it and i rear
naked choke one of them and i
hate hey shut up shut up i would look
for that
i could go into big lots home depot
dollar tree
the church it didn't matter bro
i was scoping i was like for me at least
it was a happy drug
i kind of also find myself missing the
way that it made me feel sometimes
this is where the mind games start and i
had a friend of mine who before i
started said
when you're off you're gonna feel like
[ __ ] but just keep telling yourself it's
only
12 weeks it's only 12 weeks and then
i'll be back on so essentially you were
going through these highs and lows highs
when you were on those when you were off
so it felt like the best feeling in the
world stronger
more muscular a little more swag senses
were heightened
everything was awesome until you start
to come off and everything reverses and
goes the opposite direction
you had to mentally be prepared for what
was going to happen if you came off
you know just some of the ways that it
made me feel sometimes i do kind of find
myself
missing um
because i will say compared to being a
woman like if i had to compare them
i would say that testosterone kind of
made
everything dull
in a good way compared to being like a
woman because
now when i am feeling
like either happy or excited or angry or
whatever range of emotion you know
you feel normally as a woman um
as a guy it's there but it's just not
nearly
these massive peaks and valleys you know
it's just not as intense
and i thought that was so nice things
weren't as big of a deal
or they didn't feel like as big of a
deal when i was on testosterone it's
just kind of surprising
because i didn't really think that there
would ever be a point in my life where
i'd
miss anything at all about being
transgender
my sling is editorial explicit material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me